Add recipes for key-based caching (#7)
bitrise-io/workflow-recipes: recipes/ios-key-cache-cocoapods.md

# (iOS) Cache CocoaPods dependencies (Beta)

## Description

> Cache the contents of the `Pods` folder with the new key-based caching steps, **Save Cache** and **Restore Cache**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cache the contents of the `Pods` folder with the new key-based caching Steps, **Save Cache** and **Restore Cache**.
```

## Instructions

> 1. Add the [Restore cache](https://github.com/bitrise-steplib/bitrise-step-restore-cache) Step to the workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the [Restore cache](https://github.com/bitrise-steplib/bitrise-step-restore-cache) Step to the Workflow.
```

> 1. For the **Cache keys** input, add the following keys:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the following keys to the **Cache keys** input:
```

    ```
    cocoapods-cache-{{ checksum "Podfile.lock" }}
    cocoapods-cache-
    ```

>     The first key will result in a unique string based on the exact dependencies defined in `Podfile.lock` (make sure to commit the file!). If there is no cache to restore with that key, the Step will use the second key and will restore a cache with a key that starts with `cocoapods-cache-`. This will result in a cache that was saved for slightly different dependencies, but it's still better than not restoring any cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The first key will result in a unique string based on the exact dependencies defined in `Podfile.lock` (make sure to commit the file!). If there is no cache to restore with that key, the Step will move on to the second key and will restore a cache with a key that starts with `cocoapods-cache-`. This will result in a cache that was saved for slightly different dependencies, but it's still better than not restoring any cache.
```

1. Add the [Run CocoaPods install](https://github.com/bitrise-steplib/steps-cocoapods-install) Step.
1. Add the [Save cache](https://github.com/bitrise-steplib/bitrise-step-restore-cache) Step.

>     - For its **Cache key** input, set `cocoapods-cache-{{ checksum "Podfile.lock" }}`. The checksum at the end guarantees a new cache archive when dependencies change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Add `cocoapods-cache-{{ checksum "Podfile.lock" }}` to the **Cache key** input. The checksum at the end guarantees a new cache archive when dependencies change.
```
